README.md, before:

# Welcome To Star Dust!

TinkerCad Circuit basic design URL is

https://www.tinkercad.com/things/lcT53rX5qdN-team4/editel?sharecode=6oXRsp0dlEFtduOcPXr6HKpqPX1kxMogPu2RPSw3Elk

## Team Values
Code

## Our Group
Edward
<br>
Rachel
<br>
Melissa
<br>
Chloe

## Day 1 Retrospective

### What went well

We completed Story 1 and Story 2

### What didn't go well

We didn't talk to each other

### What we will do more of tomorrow

Communicate more 

### What we will do less of tomorrow

## Day 2 Retrospective

## Day 3 Retrospective

## Day 4 Retrospective

## Final Retrospective

## Notes
>Remember These:
```
git add .
git commit -m "Saving"
git push origin main
git status
```

This is the readme. Formatting of text is as follows.

# Largest Heading
## Smaller heading
### Smaller again

**Bold Text**
*italics*
>Quoted text

Coded text with back ticks before and after
```
git status
git add .
git commit -m "This is code text formatting"
```

Link to more [Github Formatting](https://help.github.com/en/github/writing-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax)

Commit message:

What to do more of

README.md, after:

# Welcome To Star Dust!

TinkerCad Circuit basic design URL is

https://www.tinkercad.com/things/lcT53rX5qdN-team4/editel?sharecode=6oXRsp0dlEFtduOcPXr6HKpqPX1kxMogPu2RPSw3Elk

## Team Values
Code

## Our Group
Edward
<br>
Rachel
<br>
Melissa
<br>
Chloe

## Day 1 Retrospective

### What went well

We completed Story 1 and Story 2

### What didn't go well

We didn't talk to each other

### What we will do more of tomorrow

Communicate more about the work and what we are doing

### What we will do less of tomorrow

## Day 2 Retrospective

## Day 3 Retrospective

## Day 4 Retrospective

## Final Retrospective

## Notes
>Remember These:
```
git add .
git commit -m "Saving"
git push origin main
git status
```

This is the readme. Formatting of text is as follows.

# Largest Heading
## Smaller heading
### Smaller again

**Bold Text**
*italics*
>Quoted text

Coded text with back ticks before and after
```
git status
git add .
git commit -m "This is code text formatting"
```

Link to more [Github Formatting](https://help.github.com/en/github/writing-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax)
